# AI-Forex-predict

In the code, there are 8 models in the zip, including 'Baseline to Transformer', 'Baseline to FNet', 'Baseline + External Attention + Positional Encoding', 'Baseline - Data fill', 'Baseline + Positional Encoding', 'Baseline + Multi-Head Attention', 'Baseline + External Attention' and 'Baseline'. For each model, there are four folders in it (four currency pairs). In each folder, there are four documents: the code, the image of the test result, the folder for saving the model, the zip for loading the model in code (for 'Baseline + External Attention', there are 2 more documents, backtesting code and the backtesting result). In addition, the final report, using dataset, presentation slide and video are also provided. 

For the code of each model, they all include preprocessing (Dataset fill, TA indicator, data scale and Split data), Functional API, Load model to evaluate, Evaluate if you have trained the model (Some model also includes positional encoding). Because I have completed training, saving and loading the model. If you want to use the code, the first thing you need to do is to run the preprocessing part and positional encoding part (if the model contains it). Then there are two methods to get the result. The first method is you can directly use the model we loaded in each model (Load model to evaluate part). The second method is you can train the model by yourself (running the functional API part) and then get the model to get the result (running Evaluate if you have trained the model part). In these two ways, you can get the test result. For most of the models, the results from loading the model and evaluating after training the model are the same. However, in the baseline to transformer, there are some differences between those two results. That is because in the model, we have set the dropout = 0.2, so that the result could become random. 
 
If you have any problem when you use the code, please let me know and we will help you to use it.
